I'm singing a song today. Wait a minute.
I don't think this singer is qualified to sing.
The stage for tomorrow's trip
Ask contestants to prepare their own original songs
Chufan display
What qualifications do you have to ask Chen Gen?
It's that simple.
Excuse me again for your song
What qualifications do you have?
Ask a national treasure singer to perform your work
Exactly.
The adult world is the mainstream of our Chinese music scene
He represents the highest level in the country
The person who composed the lyrics for him
Which one is not a ray of hope?
Top Producer
What is a nuisance
Even if the program team arranges
Ask the judges and contestants to sing together
It doesn't mean that people like Chen Tianhou
Need to surrender
With an unknown
Contestants who have achieved nothing sing together
The instructors have a point.
Adult or later
The stage of the heart of fame
It's for the talented.
A fair stage to showcase your dreams
The criterion for judging a song
It was never created by anyone
And who likes it?
If the audience likes this song
Then I, Chen Yao, am willing to sing for my dream
Since it is a fair substance
Then ask for the workshop number.
Lower than your number of fans and platform
To the polling room
Will it get the vote of this unknown player?
Well, that in itself is unfair and unfair
Unfair unfair
That's not fair.
This is how the program team was originally arranged
Is your final vote
Don't you have a fan base?
The players we selected
It has a certain fan base in itself
Even with our popularity
That is also the strong alliance with each other
That's right, we make music with our hearts
Instead of relying on some conspiracy and intrigue to hug the thighs
Chufan, an amateur like you
Isn't it because of Chen Yao's fame and popularity?
That's right, what rubbish rubbed my Muse heat
What kind of trash did the show choose?
Retire him
Withdraw Withdraw
Everyone be quiet
After consultation with the program team
Chen Tianhou is the lead singer of Chu Fan
It does violate the justice and fairness of this show
After negotiation
Our program team hands over the decision to Chu Fan
Contestant Chu Fan
If you choose to sing solo
We will score you according to the normal number of votes.
If you insist on letting Chen Tianhou sing
Then this score will be invalid
You will face the result of being eliminated
Tired of controlling the game
That's all you've got left.
You are a waste
What to fight with us
This is the price you pay for avoiding
I choose
Solo